as we talked about in the previous lecture.
Every time a user puts in an input in the command line,
it's going to emit an event on the back end,
e dot emit and then the named event,
which could be one of these names and then these string that they actually entered.
In this lecture,
we are going to build handlers for each of these events being emitted.
And we're going to build responders which can respond and read the text of the console that
the admin is asking for.
So we're going to say appear we're going to put air input handlers which were actually
going to bind to the events and then just below it,
we're going to put our responders.
We're going to see that CLI responders is an object,
and then we can write each of the responders as a key on that object.
The input handlers are not an object because they are really just finds two different
events.
Let's see what remain here.
Let's bind to the man event that we could admit.
We want to say e on man,
and then to find the function that should get called would have taken the string that the
user wrote,
and now we've bound to that event.
So we didn't have to define cli dot handlers dot eat up on or anything like that.
We were just calling e r events class and saying on the man event.
So when the man event gets emitted,
call this here now inside of it,
we want to call a responder,
which we would have find below.
So let's call cli dot responders dot hope because we want to call the responder that will
call help and down below.
We can create that responders in the next.
Lectures were actually fill in what these responders do,
but for now we'll just lock out that we received the question.
So this is gonna be help slash man cli dot responders dot help is a function we don't
actually need to take in a string here because we've already identified the question we're
asking.
We don't need any more information.
We just want to log out.
You asked for help.
Now,
as I mentioned,
there is another input called help that should actually have the same response.
And so we're going to define a different input handler for help because we need to bind to
this unique event,
but it's going to pass things along to the same responder.
So e dot on help.
It's going to be another anonymous function that calls cli responders that help.
So there isn't necessarily a 1 to 1 relationship between the handlers that bind to the
events and the responders that respond to them.
Now let's go through and just quickly create the rest of handlers for the rest of the
questions that could be asked.
And then we'll fill in the rest of the responders some to copy this Help one,
and we want to say that E.
On exit exit is another string that they could enter.
We want to call cli doubt responders dot exit.
We don't need to pass it a string because it's already identified The question on the event
called Stats.
We want to call cli responders Stats on the event list users.
We want to call cli dot responders dot list users on the event Mawr User info.
We actually do want to pass this string to the responder because remember,
the user is going to be entering more user info dash and then the idea of a specific user,
so we need to look at the string they're entering in order to identify which user they're
asking about.
So we want to call cli dot responders dot more user info and passed the string that we
received to that responder.
Next,
we want to bind to the event called list checks,
taking the string and then call the responder called list checks.
And we do want to pass that a string.
And that is because list X can include a flag,
for only the objects are only the down check.
So again,
we need to not just identify the question but identify the flags have added to this command
,
and so we need to look at the actual strength.
Next,
we want to bind to MAWR check info,
and that's going to be the exact same thing where we actually want to send them.
The string to responder called more check info because more check info needs to look at the
string and figure out which i d.
Of which check they're actually asking a question about for the next one.
We want to bind to list logs,
list logs,
doesn't take any flags and so we can take in the string there.
But we don't need to pass it to the responder.
We want to call cli dot responders,
stop list logs and not passing anything at all.
Lastly,
we want to bind to an event called More Log Info.
Call a responder called more log info and actually pass it the string because we need to
know which log the user is asking questions about.
So,
as you can see,
we're calling a whole bunch of responders here.
But those responders don't exist down here except for the help one.
And so let's go ahead and create those now exit.
I'm gonna copy what we have up here.
Cli dot responders,
not exit is just going to say you asked for exit in the future lecture.
We're going to fill all these in,
but we're just building in more scaffolding now.
Stats is going to say you asked for stats.
This users is going to say you asked to this Users more user info is going to actually take
it a string and then say you asked for more user info and then log out the string that the
user included this checks is going to take in a string,
which again is just a flag saying up checks or down checks.
And then it will say You asked to list checks and a log out the strength Mawr check Info
will be similar.
It will take in a string and say You asked for more check info and then the string.
Now we need to do list logs.
It doesn't take in a string.
And so we just want to say you asked to list logs And lastly,
more logs info,
which does take in a string.
And we want to say you asked for more info and then log out the string.
So there we have it.
We can start the app back up and see how these air working.
That's call man.
You asked for help.
Let's call help.
Let's call something that we can't identify.
Sorry.
Try again.
Let's go.
The rest of commands exit us.
Brexit stats.
You asked for mawr log info Undefined.
Which means I must have something wrong here.
Uh,
I forgot to change the name of this responder.
It should be more log info.
Let's start this back up and let's ask for stats again.
US.
For stats list users.
You asked A list users mawr User info at them.
Let's include i d a B C D E F G.
You ask for more user info,
and then this is the string we wrote.
Or use your invoke a B C D E f G.
Now let's asked to list checks up.
You asked to list checks these checks up.
Now let's get mawr Check info about 12345 You asked for more Check info more Check in for
what?
2345 Now let's list blocks us to list logs and mawr log info.
T T T T T.
You asked for more log info and you said more log info TD DDT.
So all of these CLI handlers are binding to the correct events now and the responders are
set up to log out in response.
Now we can move on to building each of these responders out a little bit more so that they
can give the true responses in response to these questions.
So now we can move on to the next lecture